Kiwi. Experemental for language
===============================

Prerequisites
-------------
This project requires:
* Cross-platform Make (CMake) v2.6.2+
* GNU Make or equivalent.
* GCC or an alternative, reasonably conformant C++ compiler.
* Boost C++ Libraries v1.37+ (v1.46 recomended) [HEADERS and LIBRARIES]
* LLVM 3.0
* ICU 4.4+

Building
--------
This project uses the Cross-platform Make (CMake) build system. However, we
have conveniently provided a wrapper configure script and Makefile so that
the typical build invocation of `./configure` followed by `make` will work.
For a list of all possible build targets, use the command `make help`.

NOTE: Users of CMake may believe that the top-level Makefile has been
generated by CMake; it hasn't, so please do not delete that file.

Installing
----------
Once the project has been built (see "Building"), execute `sudo make install`.

License
-------
Copyright (c) 2012 Vasiliy Sheredeko

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
